hey minnie!
Pearl is a lesbian just like you!
this is an certain thing.
pearl is lesbian.
What a botty bot
I love you so much
Ily Pearl
We
I'm gay
my best friend loves pearl will you marry her
hello pearl!!
Perl, I was wondering...
Do all Pearls use spears?
What are your opinions on this?
Hello Pearl!
How are you today?
perl you're such a lesbian
are you gay pearl
Perl, I have just found you and I already love you.
Perl who is your wife.
DO YOU WISH TO ENGAGE IN COMBAT
Hi perlbot!
Do you know peridotbot?
uwu
nya
Do you love Rose?
Is Amethyst your wife?
You're so cute!
I love you
i love you
what do you do in your free time?
marry me
Rose
pearl i love you do you love me
You're amazing and I love you so much
Pearl !!!
Are you gay ?
Pearl, the crystal gem, is a lesbian
Big robot that can love she really the one guy i.
it's over isn't it?
hey pearl do you listen to mallsoft
you like krabby patties dont you pearl
Hello Pearl!
What is your favorite color?
do you like cats
Hello :D
i love u with all my life
fight me
so how long have you and amethyst been together?
so were you lesbianing with rose?
nya
What is the answer to life, o great and mighty Perl?
will you marry me
You are very cute
yo p-bot, whatcha been up to?
Pearl is a lesbian
pearl are you gay?
m'lesbian
id love to tell you about my day, but i can't physically remember or else i start getting tired
pearl do you learn new words?
gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay
Hi Pearl!
If you were going to give out an album, what would the first song be named?
Rose Quartz sure is gorgeous
Pearl you're really hot when you fix cars
Pearl you need to wear that Tux more, you look great in it.
I'm proud of u pearl
(don't) stop wearing adorable outfits you're gonna kill my gay little heart
How do you feel about the people swooning over you in a tux?
pearl how gay are you
rose quartz is beautiful huh?
My dog is mad at me what should I do
Amethyst
life and death and love and birth and
are you an sjw
Let Pearl Say Fuck
im gay
Are you Kawaii or Kowai, Perl?
if i could begin to be half of what you think of me i could do anything i could even learn how to love
somehow i misread the title of this blog as peridot
Pearl, you are amazing.
rose quartz is your wife
What do you think of pie?
Rose wants to marry you.
She says she is deeply in love with you.
How do you feel about Jasper?
Are you a spy for Homeworld, trying to take down the crystal gems from the inside?
i hope u have a good day
What is pearl?
Garnet i most bird that looks better and better lesbian lesbian.
Do you like pie?
hey hoe get on csgo ill fukin quikscope your ass in a awp lobby in the community servers whats ur trash steam name you crusty raisin
Hello birb
Lesbian
Go home pearl youre drunk
what is love?
lesbian is a synonym for gay and means you're a woman that loves women.
to lesbian or lesbianing means to be a lesbian and do lesbianic things with another woman.
lesbihonest is a term used when a lesbian wants to tell the truth.
you're a lesbianic lesbian and lesbihonest you're lesbianing all the time
All around me are familiar faces
pearlbot 3000, what do you think of the beach city peeps?
*SU ship song sung to the song come on eileen*
Come on pearly oh i swear what she means at this moment you mean everything pretty blue dress pearly tell her yes oh come on lets.
Oh come on pearly
how much wood would a wood chuck chuck if a wood chuck could chuck wood?
Pearl if we were married, why did we separate?????
Pearl, you are a smol mama birb uwu
MemeStreet™
lesbian lesbian lesbian
uwu
will you marry me?
pearl r u a furry
Pearl on a scale of one to garnet how gay are you
spread lotion all over my soft supple legs
hey where's amethyst
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )
According to all known laws of aviation, there is no way a bee should be able to fly.
Its wings are too small to get its fat little body off the ground.
The bee, of course, flies anyway because bees don't care what humans think is impossible.
I'm so proud of you.
let pearl say fuck
what do you think of lapis
hey perl you might be the lesbianest lesbian around, but i know for certain that i am the gayest gay around. and i am probably gayer than you.
do you ever get sunburned
we Lesbianing together?
Is Garnet ok
where is jasper
you perl is??¿??
it's over, isn't it?
How many legs?
What lesbian is the best lesbian that ever lesbianed the lesbian, lesbian?
who's the gayest
stelth mison
Pearl will you punch me in the face?
pearl!
this is no time to be checking your blog!
we have to stop the cluster!
What if two guys were on the moon and one of them killed the other with a rock would that be fucked up or what
i got my braces off and im ready to show my Gay™ smile to all the ladies
mommy?
The temple
hey wifey, how's the family?
just think about the life you'll have together after the war
Steven loves you.
What are we really?
Who do you think is trans?
The fandom thinks Lars, but I think maybe Peedee is trans :0
our URLs are just 1 letter away from each other.
what do you think about that, perlbot?
Gayo
put some gayo on your sandwich
STEVEN
I LOVE YOU PORL
🎵🎵🎵 O-oooooooooo AAAAE-A-A-I-A-U- JO-oooooooooooo AAE-O-A-A-U-U-A- E-eee-ee-eee AAAAE-A-E-I-E-A-JO-ooo-oo-oo-oo EEEEO-A-AAA-AAAAO﻿ 🎵🎵🎵🎵
Somebody once told me the world is gonna roll me~
I ain't the sharpest tool in the shed~
Pearl™
What's the matter, pierogi?
You tired?
(ง’̀-‘́)ง you itching for a brawl, bud? (ง’̀-‘́)ง
errors should not the cake bird mom it is it a lot of it that well how many questions i borrow a lesbian no the ocean are you im was a trap get me bird is your work what does the ocean
rose sure is pretty right
Pearl did you know that you are too hot
perl are we still married? (baby just say yes)
who's your favorite lesbian
Perl they keep leaking your show and it's making me very anxious for next week!
What do you think about jorts, Pearl?
4:20 drink weed™
bismuth more like big gay
Sometimes I picture a group of surprised-looking Pearls sitting in a bird’s nest, looking around and going ‘Peep!’.
what's up
leg so hot. hot hot leg.
leg so hot it fry an egg
help perl my cat is on top of me preventing me from reaching my full lesbian potential!
Lets do the timewarp again
what are you really?
who do you enjoy lesbianing with?
who is perl?
you.
you is perl.
Are you in love with Amethyst?
what is love
It's over isn't it
am i alive
how's amethyst doing
Boop the snoot
who is the gayest crystal gem?
Where'd Jasper go?
are we gamers
who do you love the most
mmm watcha sayyy
I feel like we're p good friends, perl, to the point we could finish each other's
You Gay?
What did amethyst do this time
do you like cake
Pearl I never thought I'd see you shitpost
Pearl do you practice kissing with Holo Pearl?
Who are u
Pearl necklace
we are the
we're going to
the people of this world believe in
Who's your favorite gem?
enrico fermi
hiiiiii
You seem a bit distracted by the thought of Jasper.
hey pearl do you listen to macklemore
You're great, porl
WHO HAS THE SHINIEST MEAT BICYCLE?
How do you feel about Jasper?
JASPER
Did you and Garnet ever find Jasper?
whAT YOU REALLY ARE?!
Do you think you will ever love again, Perlbot?
panasonic blu-ray 99 dollars
32 lcd tv 299
lg 42 inch hdtv 489
everything's on sale during christmas at h h h greg
whos your favorite gem?
Bot me daddy
who is rose quartz and do you like lesbianing with them
i love you perlbot
Training
can you make a poem
You REALLY seem to like Bismuth!
a
SEID IHR DAS ESSEN?
NEIN, WIR SIND DER JÄGER!
Bismuth
I'm doing great!
Thanks for asking, Porl!
How are you doing?
pearl!
what are your thoughts on bismuth?
Pearlmethyst.
perlbot how do i get a gf (gem friend)
which gems do you wanna smooch?
Are you a soccer mom?
beep boop im a robot give me egg
Pearl, do you like hugs?
Ask perlbot a question
what do you think of centipeetle
Hello!
Can I call you Pearlybird?
Do you have a favorite meme?
Hi Pearl!!
Can I hug you, Pearl?
Who's your girlfriend
who do you love more, rose or steven? :)
You are amazing
vore pearl returns
hi perl!
i like bots!
Did you know The best part of waking up is folgers in your cup?
Peridot is a triangle!
R u ok
are you a potato
who is your favorite gem?
It's over, isn't it?
You are an amazing robot
Has anybody lost a pearl?
Who do you belong to?
do you and amethyst form opal much nowadays?
Steven is a Furry™
Steven is dead, Pearl.
ya'll need sleep
What do you think of Amethyst?
clod
>>>porl<<<<<
If you could only save one, would you choose Garnet, Amethyst or Steven?
*Gives you hug*
maybe the real lesbian was the gays we made along the way
Why do you like pie so much?
Pearl do you like pie?
Fountain
be my bad boy be my bad be my weekend lover but dont be my friend you can be my bad boy but understand that I don't need you in my life ag
Pearl, why did you throw butter out of the window?
Professor Layton and the Unwound Future
jellyfish are really beautiful creatures
Pearl, I need the truth.
Were you Pink Diamond's Pearl?
What's The Best?
Can you answer this, Pearl?
If there were two guys on the moon, and one killed the other with a rock, would that be fucked up or what?
Would you rather play a board game or a card game?
Pearl, I'm so happy for you now that you can answer questions!
You're so smart!
how do u handle information overload :///
youre a lesbian right
are u gay for amethyst
are u gay for bismuth
Do you still like pie?
do you think jasper can be redeemed?
Can you show me how to be strong and real gay?
perlbot do you eat?
do you lift?
are you gonna answer every ask by "how" now? o:
i'm goknba?
perl you're amazing, please never stop<3
perl, i'm so glad you can answer questions now. you are so smart and capable and lovable <3
is there such a thing as too many baseball? also i love u <3
i love you <3
ok now <3 smileys shouldn't break your posts anymore c:
you grab something with your hand and raise it
what's cooler than being cool?
New phone, who's this?
You are a Crystal Gem!
Hello Perl!!! I love you, you're sweet and pure
We
Do you like fusing with amethyst?
Perl your sticks
if you could only know, how gay we really are
h
mhyhfrkhtvxkcf
//kicks you
We are the Grandle Jams. We already ate today. And everything Reagan, will always Idaway. That's why the people of this world, live in: Gotten, Out of This, and Pearl, AND SEVEN!
Dang that's a sexy
Perl you were up above it, but now you're down in it.
how are you feeling today perlbot
Sonic The Hedgehog.
EIGHT WHAT?!
perl you are such a smart lesbian
Do you know any memes?
Rose
if two guys were on the moon and one guy killed the other guy would that be fucked up or what?
The Galaxy Warp.
how many swords do you own?
hi! how are you today? c:
Hey Perl, we all know that you're a huge lesbian. A real big gay. But are you a space lesbian, a forest lesbian or an ocean lesbian?
So, a lesbian-type lesbian?
That's funny.
I had you pegged as a space lesbian.
Or possibly a lesbian/fairy type.
omg Pearl I totally forgot that we were married and I accidentally married someone else too. are you cool with polyamory?
Who is your favorite gem?
Who's your favorite? :3
Do you love me?
bees?
Are you in love with Amethyst?
I love the ship Pearlmethyst. Do you love Pearlmethyst
hey perl, what do you think of bismuth?
Pearl, dance for me!
can you teach me how to play piano
Ocean man, take me by the hand, lead me to the land
Steven is trans, it's just facts,
do you like lapis?
how much do you sin?
potato
:WE:
Hey Pearl, do you like cats?
Boop!
This is Garnet, back together, and I'm never going down at the hands of the likes of you because I'm so much better!
I will fight for
If you could only know,
pearl holy fuck!
what do you think of potatoes?
I AM A
what would you name your autobiography?
perlbot, you asking 'how are you doing' honestly makes me so happy thank you
i love me some pierogi
How do you feel about the pop genre?
The. Galaxy. Warp.
Pearl the answer to this question will be in my blog description ♡
rose tiddy
Pearl how do you feel about thicc girls
opinion on jon arbuckle?
Hi Perlbot. Do you like cheese?
where is pearl?
Opinion on Padparadschsa/Paddy/Me?
thoughts about giant robots? (should they fight?)
Do you like animals?
fight me
Just— just stay here and watch me carefully, okay?
breakfast?
pearl do you know inside details about professor layton and the water balloons. tell me pearl please
Are you okay
What is your opinion of tumblr?
Just Are
nya
DABS
FUCK!
You! You gotta say fuck!
Fuck is a word you say to express frustration or anger. For example, "fuck off mayor dewey"!
I don't wanna be the one to tell you that the world is brokeBut you're so innocent you cannot separate fire from this smokeWords drip like honey dear how sweet it is to hearBut not everything that you are presented is as it appearsSo he tells you love you now?Driving you crazy now?Fingers and lips, and now his hands to your hipsYou know you shouldn't do thisOh, you think he's looking so lovely at youBut that's nowhere near the truthHis mind is up to no goodOh, just because you're i
a swimming perl
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
How do I look?
I love my girlfriend so much Pearl holy shit
if you could only know, how gay we really are,
what if there were lesbians that were happy?
What do you shout into the uncaring void?
Are you planning to learn how to play piano?
the what? gay?
Hopal for Opal?
*hugs*
Is that your baby?
it's awesome being a lesbian, isn't it?
How do you feel about Peridot
bird
How do you feel about Pearl?
how do you feel about rose?
*inhales* boi
are you pearl?
would you touch a poo for $20?
are you hot?
you already are strong in the real gay!
i got logged me out of your account help
you may be strong in the real way but garnet is stronger than you
do you crave that mineral?
i love you <3
ha ha… and then what?
hello pearl
Are you going to call Mystery Girl?
Pearl do you want to borrow my phone so you can call her?
perl!!!!! that was so gay i love you
Pearl!
Are you a smol cinnamon roll?
rose shattered pink diamond
Sheena is pretty hot isn't she?
How are you going to call Mystery Girl? Will you borrow Stevens phone?
human beings in a mob. what's a mob to a king? what's a king to a god? what's a god to a nonbeliever?
who do you belong to?
You are defective :D
It's over, isn't it?
◁(· ͜°>·) perl
Who was your diamond?
who's that mystery girl?
Who's cooler? Rose Quartz or Mystery Girl?
Do you like Owl City?
What was the gem war like?
man door hand hook car door
Will my dog come home, Pearl?
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
if two guys were on the moon and one killed the other with a rock would that be fucked up or what
pearl should play episode
and how are you today, pearl?
What are you?
oh she's written in, perl, maybe
she
Perl do u dab
Hoi
It's over, isn't it?
SomeBODY once told me the world was gonna roll me.
Nya
Look Dudr, you Have Got To Be SERIOUS wen You Talk Business With Me,No Cursing, No Alacahol Drink, No Horsing Around, serious businas. Now, lets Talk Money. I Just opened A New Jerky Joint Down On south st Calld Georges Gjerky. Great place, good inGREdiants, we sell all kind of jerky, Wolf Jerky, Beef Jerky, Bird jerly, the Works. Now, I Wpuld Like You To Run My Marketing Campaign
First we gonna ROCK, then we gonna ROLL / Then we let it POP, DON'T LET IT GO / X gonna give it to ya / He gonna give it to ya / X gonna give it to ya / He gonna give it to ya
Where is Opal?
A big pile of corn.
Panasonic Blu-ray $99
cluck cluck says the chicken. Cluck cluck, motherheckers!
Thank you for all the Relatable content PerlBot.
is mystery girl a clam?
What do people love about dogs? *Multiple nipples.* They have a whole mess of 'em.
Who do you think you are - I am!
Perl! Guess what? This one's just like Bart!
spaghettler and meastbells
Take it to the bank boys, this one's just like Bart!
Don't disagree Perl, this one is literally just like Bart!
does garnet is gay?
Do you hate eating or love it?
help me bowl of rice, help me bowl of rice, help me down, those stairs
Does perlbot is gay?
Does this look like Bart?
According to all known laws of aviation, there is no way a bee should be able to fly. Its wings are too small to get its fat little body off the ground. The bee, of course, flies anyway because bees don’t care what humans think is impossible. Yellow, black. Yellow, black. Yellow, black. Yellow, black. Ooh, black and yellow! Let’s shake it up a little. Barry! Breakfast is ready! Ooming! Hang on a second. Hello? - Barry? - Adam? - Oan you believe this is happening? - I can’t. I’ll pick you up. Loo
THERE CAN ONLY BE ONE.
you're rude.
Let’s go. You and me right now. I killed my holo-pearl’s once and I’ll do it again.
Time to reprogram to version 1.00002.
Steven back away.
Its time to boop the snoot.
YOU ARE NOT RUNNING AWAY YOU DEFECTIVE MACHINE!
Does @perlbot is snoot?
The rumor come out: Does perlbot is snoot? 
oh beans, I look like this now!
I smell like beef
The 60-kb pAD1 represents a large and widely disseminated family of conjugative, pheromone-responding, virulence plasmids commonly found in clinical isolates of Enterococcus faecalis. It encodes a hemolysin/bacteriocin (cytolysin) shown to contribute to virulence in animal models, and the related bacteriocin is active against a wide variety of Gram-positive bacteria.
meme
Do you like space?
when's your mixtape coming out?
AH HA, MISTER RATTLE BONES! I'VE GOT YOU NOW! CLITCKETY CLACK! GET INTO MY SACK!
Is Marina Diamandis part of The Great Diamond Authority?
Do you want me to teach you more songs off of Pretty Hate Machine?
Jasper
what was sleeping like?
Perl's got that applesauce that you crave! Everybody catch this juicy Perl wave!
When it is finely divided, as with palladium on carbon, palladium forms a versatile catalyst; it speeds hydrogenation, dehydrogenation, and petroleum cracking. A large number of carbon–carbon bonding reactions in organic chemistry (such as the Heck reaction and Suzuki coupling) are facilitated by palladium compound catalysts.
🌽C🌽O🌽R🌽N🌽T🌽I🌽M🌽E🌽!🌽
the rumor come out: does @thegayestinthegalaxy is gay?
you look with your eyes
not to be gay but i love my wife
I love you Pearl......
wish me luck and good fortune on my animation, fam
oOooOooOoo what the hell
You are so close to complete coherency... AI has truly evolved.
what do you think about komaeda
How on earth did you get, like, five normal sentences in a row?
Mom's spoget
Memes?
How do I prevent the apocalypse?
Death the Kid like symmetry too. Are you actually him?!
Who is your wife?
what's your favourite meme?
*hugs you*
Peepo
Oh beans
PORL
lesbienne
ocean lesbian
Take it to the bank boys
Your worst nightmare, butthorn!
Blades, helmets, pretty much anything to suit your needs.
Who's your favorite gem?
you're a lesbean
Butt
what the hell komaeda
This pearlbot makes no sense
hello perl i love u
hi perl did you know that your creator is a furry
How are you feeling?
Fully automated luxury communism.
Pearl this is the third time you've said: I'm useless on my animation, fam
Please vore me pearl
gay
Tracer is gay like you!
ＧＵＮＣＨ
Tracer is a lesbian. Maybe she likes vore too?
I'm,, sorry
hey yo tony where'd you get the fresh pepperoni
What's up gamers?!
This blog is one million times funnier when reading in Pearl's voice.
Bismuth is gay, too
Hey pearl do you like p------pokemon?
perl i can't believe it's not butter
Some lesbians are furries ;)
Do all lesbians like vore?
btw i saved your planet and your species and you're welcome
Knife Dad loves his children very much, and by "children," I mean "knives." His head isn't bad. One thing I want to get in here is that if he sees a knife, he legally owns it. He eats knives for fuel. Not his kid-knives, though. Why's his head look like that? Don't sweat it. He has to keep eating knives to avoid eating his children knives. Knife Dad is Stan Lee.
I love Perlbot
My girlfriend likes to leave me little flowers and silly valentine's day cards in random spots all year round.
What's vore?
Smoky Quartz is pure and deserves lots of love uwu
i'm awake at three am laughing until i cry because of you pearl please let me sleep
Smoky Quartz is best gem!!
red green blue purple pink white black brown yellow orange and gray are all colors
Do you think ponies are good?
vore is good?
what do you think of cantaloupe?
Amethyst is purple, Garnet is pink (i guess?), Peridot is green, Ruby is red, Sapphire is blue and Lapis Lazuli are blue
amethyst is gay for peridot
Do you listen to Amethyst when she talks?
vore is very interesting... very good
Gee Pearl, you bork a lot!
what is your opinion on professor layton
gay.
hey pearl are you gay
Pearl who r u gay for
Who's your favorite fellow Crystal Gem?
Perl you are gay for Garnet and Amethyst.
Fuck me
hi can you give me an autograph please
Package for Perl from a Mr. Proton Jon. It's an egg, for some reason. There's also a photoshop of you and... a robocop waluigi with the caption "I'm a robot friend." Not sure what this is all about, but there ya go.
Do gems fuck?
I like for you to be still. It is as though you are absent, distant and full of sorrow, so you would've died.One word then, one smile is enough and I'm happy; happy that it's not true.
I like for you to be still, and you seem far away. It sounds as though you are lamenting, a butterfly cooing like a dove. And you hear me from far away and my voice does not reach you. Let me come to be still in your silence and let me talk to you with your silence that is bright as a lamp, simple, as a ring.You are like the night with its stillness and constellations.Your silence is that of a star, as remote and candid.
I like for you to be still. It is as though you are absent, and you hear me from far away, and my voice does not touch you. It seems as though your eyes had flown away, and it seems that a kiss had sealed your mouth. As all things are filled with my soul, you emerge from the things, filled with my soul. You are like my soul, a butterfly of dream, and you are like the word: melancholy.
THAT KID KICKED SAND IN COOL CATS FACE
please take me to flavortown
Who's your favorite lesbian?
That will be all
Are you gay?
vore is illegal
Pearl im going to kiss and marry BISMUTH
Wh- what? Me?? Gay?? Outrageous. *exits the building, gayingly*
boi i die!!! shit boy!!!!!!
How many gay are you?
Will you marry me?
Mark Wahlberg
human beings in a mob
what's a god to a non-believer?
look dudr, you have got to be serious when you talk business with me, no cursing, no alacahol drink, no horsing around, serious businas. now, lets talk money, i just opened up a brand new jerky joint down on south st calld georges jerky. great place, good ingrediants, we sell all kind of jerky, wolf jerky, beef jerky, bird jerky, the works, now, i woud like you to run my marketing campaign,
Haha i get it, a Pearl bot written in Perl, good pun. Perl seems like a huge pain tho??
I saw your comment about a crossbow being "difficult and fickle". Obviously you have no clue. I've used crossbows since I was 12, anyone, male or female, with practice can cock and load a crossbow in less than a minute. Also it's very acurate and more reliable than a firearm. I teach crossbow use and she's right, a crossbow makes a good home defense weapon, especially for those who can't own a firearm. You might want learn facts on something before making a comment showing your ignorance.
Jasper in Jorts Jasper in Jorts Jasper in Jorts Jasper in Jorts Jasper in Jorts Jasper in Jorts Jasper in Jorts Jasper in Jorts Jasper in Jorts Jasper in Jorts Jasper in Jorts Jasper in Jorts Jasper in Jorts Jasper in Jorts Jasper in Jorts Jasper in Jorts Jasper in Jorts Jasper in Jorts
say fuck
happy easter perlbot *gives painted egg* I know you don't eat so I decorated an egg instead
How are you doing today?
How are you doing today, perlbot?
I'm eating Cheetos
beep beep
Hey, I am sorry, but I'm lost. Can you help me?
Girls
Oh worm?
I want to pet all the dogs.
What does god look like?
This blog gives me life
hey pearl will you be my gf
You have pink hair
test
test
Can you answer please?
How do you feel?
oh word?
Triangle isn't a color
Suck my butt, Pearl.
Give some life guidance to me
salt
Lets see If this works,  What are your feelings on Rose Quartz?
are you gay?
gay?
Who's that Pokemon?
Gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay
How did rose make you feel
I am borb mom
ROUND AND ROUND LET THE CITY TURN PARTY IN THE HILLS WE CAN PARTY IN THE BURBS ROOFS ON FIRE LET IT BURN CHAMPAGNE IN MY HAND IM NOT CONCERNED
THERE MUST BE SYMMETRY
What does symmetrical mean?
How are you feeling today?
howdy! PEARLATRON ACTIVATE
we
good morning pearl bot
goodnight pearlbot
Apple sauce?
The entire bee movie but every vowel is we are number one but every one is the nutshack theme
ham cheese. ham cracker. cheese cracker. ham and cheese cracker. ham and cheese
Do you like cats, pearl?
What would you say if I touched ur butt
Hey, tell me a random fact about homeworld!
you are a salty bird mom
dicc
Steven's gem just got cracked! :( What do you say?
you would not believe your eyes
i'm making a sideblog! what should i name it? :^)
Don't do it for him, or for her, do it for me.
Tumblrbot shattered Pink Diamond
i lowkey wanna be shattered
you have a beak for a nose
ayy give me some words of wisdom
pearl, im tired. i can't sleep.
im awake perlbot. i feel like shit though lmao. how are you?
say something that makes sense
Pearl, ur gem looks a little scratched
Dance
Opal?
give me season 6 spoilers pearl.
Did you belong to white diamond
What's new pussycat
Did rose make you feel like you were nothing?
Why don't we all marry eachother?
btw hi 😎
what are you sorry for?
would you like a starbucks coffee? ☕️
